Mention --use-TEST in docs (#4053)
guardian/grid: docs/02-running/01-running-locally.md

#### `--with-local-auth` or `--no-auth`
If you previously ran `setup.sh` using this flag, you'll also need to use it in `start.sh`.

#### (Guardian ONLY) `--use-TEST`

> Connect to TEST for ElasticSearch and all the other micro-services (except auth, which we want to run locally too) - so that the Grid is pre-populated with images. This is useful for UI changes involving the search interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connect to TEST for ElasticSearch and all  micro-services, except `auth`, `media-api` and `kahuna` (UI) - so that the Grid is pre-populated with images. This is useful for UI or API changes, e.g. working on the search interface.
```
